docs: revamp for new config (#591)
callstack/haul: docs/Recipes.md

}
```

> Please note, that if you want to use synthetic defaults imports, aka things like `import React from 'react'` instead of `import * as React from 'react'` you will need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, that if you want to use synthetic default imports, a.k.a. things like `import React from 'react'` instead of `import * as React from 'react'` you will need to:
```
